Fix Cyrillic TOC (#1707)
digitalfabrik/integreat-cms: CHANGELOG.md

UNRELEASED
----------

> * [ [#1532](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1532) ] Fix cyrillic TOC

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* [ [#1532](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1532) ] Fix cyrillic TOC
```
The changelog needs one extra line after the "unreleased" heading and two new lines between the bullet points and the next heading.

Author: Oh I forgot this styling again 🙈 Thank you for the correction.

UNRELEASED
----------

<<<<<<< HEAD
* [ [#1653](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1653) ] Create new versions even if content did not change to preserve translation
* [ [#1450](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1450) ] Add API from SUMM.AI to create easy-understable German
=======

> >>>>>>> Update CHANGELOG.md

Reviewer: Should already be removed, maybe you have to click "refresh"? :slightly_smiling_face:

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> * [ [#1653](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1653) ] Create new versions even if content did not change to preserve translation
> * [ [#1450](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1450) ] Add API from SUMM.AI to create easy-understable German
> =======
> >>>>>>> Update CHANGELOG.md
> * [ [#1532](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1532) ] Fix cyrillic TOC

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ [#1653](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1653) ] Create new versions even if content did not change to preserve translation
* [ [#1450](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1450) ] Add API from SUMM.AI to create easy-understable German
* [ [#1532](https://github.com/digitalfabrik/integreat-cms/issues/1532) ] Fix PDF table of contents in cyrillic alphabets
```
Please remove the git conflict markers
